Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language ????????? (Bulgarian) ?eština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) ???????? (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) ??? (Japanese) ??? (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) ??????? (Russian) Român? (Romanian) ???? (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) ???? (Traditional Chinese) ??? (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) ?????????? (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Hardware > Steam Link Community Hub Steam Link Play your Steam games on any TV in the house with Steam Link. Setup is easy. Just connect your Steam Link to your TV and home network, where it will automatically discover any computer running Steam. Then grab a controller and play your collection of games from the comfort of your couch. User reviews: Recent: Mixed (76 reviews) - 65% of the 76 user reviews in the last 30 days are positive. Overall: Mostly Positive (1,847 reviews) - 74% of the 1,847 user reviews for this hardware are positive. Popular user-defined tags for this product: Hardware Steam Machine Simulation Replay Value + Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested Is this hardware relevant to you? Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this game based on your games, friends, and curators you follow. Sign in or Open in Steam Title: Steam Link Manufacturer: Valve View the quick reference View the manual View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Share Embed   Coming Soon Wired network is strongly recommended.   Product and Warranty Information For further information regarding the product and related warranty, please click below: Steam Hardware Warranty Quick-Start Guide Product Guide See all accessories About This Hardware Stream your games to your TV with Steam Link SimplicitySetup is easy. Just connect your Steam Link to your TV and home network, where it will automatically discover any computer running Steam. All that’s left to do is grab your favorite controller, kick back, and enjoy your collection of games from the comfort of your couch. PerformanceSteam Link is designed to take advantage of the horsepower you already have in your home, streaming from your current gaming computer by mirroring its experience to your TV. Video and audio data is sent from your computer to the Steam Link, while your controller input is sent back in real time. Virtually every game that your computer runs can be played on your TV using Steam Link. Hardware Specifications Overview 1080p resolution at 60 FPS Wired 100 Mbit/s Fast Ethernet and Wireless 802.11ac 2x2 (MIMO) networking abilities 3 USB 2.0 ports Bluetooth 4.0 HDMI out Supports Steam Controller (sold separately,) Xbox One or 360 Wired Controller, Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows, Logitech Wireless Gamepad F710, or keyboard and mouse In-box Steam Link Power cable and adapter HDMI 2.0 cable Ethernet cable Requirements A host computer running SteamOS, or Steam Big Picture Mode on Windows Vista or newer, Mac OS X 10.10 (Yosemite) or newer, Linux Ubuntu 12.04 or newer. A TV or display capable of running at 720p or 1080p resolution Any of the input devices listed above Home network connectivity to both Steam Link and host computer.Wired network strongly recommended. Steam Link Trailer "Kung Fury" clip courtesy of Laser Unicorns See all More like this Customer reviews Learn More Recent: Mixed (76 reviews) Overall: Mostly Positive (1,847 reviews) Review Type All (3,422) Positive (2,616) Negative (806) Purchase Type All (3,422) Steam Purchasers (1,847) Other (1,575) Language All Languages (3,422) Your Languages (2,544) Customize Display As: Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Enable Reviews Beta (what is this?) 1,353 reviews match the filters above ( Mostly Positive) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... There are no more reviews that match the filters set above Adjust the filters above to see other reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear Share:      Popular user-defined tags for this product:(?) Sign in Sign in to add your own tags to this product. Sign in ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
