Login Store Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats Community Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts Support Change language View desktop website © Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. Privacy Policy  |  Legal  |  Steam Subscriber Agreement  |  Refunds STORE Featured Explore Curators Wishlist News Stats COMMUNITY Home Discussions Workshop Greenlight Market Broadcasts ABOUT SUPPORT Install Steam login  |  language ????????? (Bulgarian) ?eština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Nederlands (Dutch) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) ???????? (Greek) Deutsch (German) Magyar (Hungarian) Italiano (Italian) ??? (Japanese) ??? (Korean) Norsk (Norwegian) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Português-Brasil (Portuguese-Brazil) ??????? (Russian) Român? (Romanian) ???? (Simplified Chinese) Español (Spanish) Svenska (Swedish) ???? (Traditional Chinese) ??? (Thai) Türkçe (Turkish) ?????????? (Ukrainian) Help us translate Steam Cart (0) Your Store Store Home Recently viewed Steam Curators Recently updated Games Games Free to Play Early Access Demos Virtual Reality Steam Controller Browse by genre: Action Adventure Casual Indie Massively Multiplayer Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy See popular tags Browse by platform: Mac OS X SteamOS + Linux Software Software Software Hub Animation & Modeling Audio Production Design & Illustration Education Game Development Photo Editing Utilities Video Production Web Publishing Hardware Hardware Steam Controller Steam Link Steam Machines HTC Vive Videos Videos Video Hub Browse by type: Movie Episodic Documentary Gaming Tutorial Short Browse by genre: Action Anime Comedy Drama Horror Sci-fi News All Products > News All News Full Stories Headlines 16 May Changes to Trading Cards - jonp In our previous post, we described what we believe a successful Steam Store would look like, and why balancing the interests of all the players and developers made it an interesting challenge. In this post, we want to talk about another group that adds further complexity: bad actors exploiting the store algorithm for financial gain. The reason this group exists is due to various systems that add value to owning games on Steam beyond having the game itself. The best example is Steam Trading Cards, which also happens to be the primary one that these bad actors are exploiting. - We added Steam Trading Cards in 2013, and they had two main goals: For players, they were small collectibles associated with games. They were tradeable, which meant you could collect ones for games you loved by trading away cards for the games you loved less. In effect, they were a way for you to show other players what your favorite games were. We knew some players wouldn't care about them, which was fine - they could simply throw them up on the Steam Community Market, and use the results to buy some other game. For developers, they were an easy way to add extra value to their game, and provide rewards to their biggest fans. After the release of Trading Cards, the number of players interested in them grew significantly, until it reached the point where the demand for cards became significant enough that there was an economic opportunity worth taking advantage of. And that's when our group of bad actors arrived, aiming to make money by releasing 'fake' games on Steam. These fake developers take advantage of a feature we provide to all developers on Steam, which is the ability to generate Steam keys for their games. They generate many thousands of these keys and hand them out to bots running Steam accounts, which then idle away in their games to collect Trading Cards. Even if no real players ever see or buy one of these fake games, their developers make money by farming cards. - Farming Trading Cards for profit as a developer isn't rocket science. The primary difficulty is that they need to get a game up on Steam. For a while now, we've been engaged in an escalating war of disabling their latest method of gaming Greenlight's voting mechanisms, where each time we succeed, they circle around and come up with a new way. Unfortunately, this approach isn't terribly sustainable - they continue to get smarter and more large scale in their methods of generating tons of data, and we're spending more and more time fighting it. We could restrict the ability for developers to generate Steam keys for their games, but we hate to degrade tools that legitimate developers are using to make their players happy. We're also not certain it would actually solve the problem - there are many ways a bad actor could try to get their game owned by all their bot accounts, and they just need to find a way to do it that costs less than they're making from selling their Trading Cards. You might wonder why this is really an issue. After all, if no real players are buying their games, and their cards are being traded on the market to players who want them, where's the harm? Isn't Valve making money from the market fees on their Trading Cards? While there's truth in both of these points, the problem is that these games damage something we care about a lot, because it affects all our players - the Steam Store's algorithm. As we mentioned in our last post, the algorithm's primary job is to chew on a lot of data about games and players, and ultimately decide which games it should show you. These Trading Card farming games produce a lot of faux data, because there's a lot of apparent player activity around them. As a result, the algorithm runs the risk of thinking that one of these games is actually a popular game that real players should see. So we've decided to take a different approach - remove the economic incentive that's at the root of the problem. Here's what we're doing: Instead of starting to drop Trading Cards the moment they arrive on Steam, we're going to move to a system where games don't start to drop cards until the game has reached a confidence metric that makes it clear it's actually being bought and played by genuine users. Once a game reaches that metric, cards will drop to all users, including all the users who've played the game prior to that point. So going forward, even if you play a game before it has Trading Cards, you'll receive cards for your playtime when the developer adds cards and reaches the confidence metric. The confidence metric is built from a variety of pieces of data, all aimed at separating legitimate games and players from fake games and bots. You might wonder why the confidence metric will succeed at identifying fake games, when we weren't being successful at using data to prevent them getting through Greenlight. The reason is that Greenlight is used by a tiny subsection of Steam's total playerbase, producing far less data overall, which makes it more easily gamed. In addition, Greenlight only allows players to vote and comment, so that data is narrow. Steam at large allows players to interact with games in many different ways, generating a broad set of data for each game, and that makes identifying fake ones an easier task. With this change, we hope to significantly reduce the economic incentive for the bad actors to release fake games on Steam. We're hopeful that this will have little negative impact on other developers and players, with a small number of games having a delay before their Trading Cards start to drop. On the positive side, it should significantly improve the quality of the data being fed into the Store algorithms, which is a good thing for everyone. _ As always, if you think we've missed something in the analysis of the tradeoffs we're working within, don't hesitate to discuss it in any major gaming forum (we read them all), or in our own Steam Community Forum. Next post, we're going to talk about the Steam Direct publishing fee, and some other changes we'll be rolling out soon. Share:           16 May Daily Deal - Plague Inc: Evolved, 50% Off Plague Inc: Evolved - Valve Today's Deal: Save 50% on Plague Inc: Evolved!* Look for the deals each day on the front page of Steam. Or follow us on twitter or Facebook for instant notifications wherever you are! *Offer ends Thursday at 10AM Pacific Time Share:           15 May Now Available on Steam - The Surge The Surge - Valve The Surge is Now Available on Steam! Welcome to CREO, the megacorporation saving the world! A catastrophic event has knocked you out during the first day on the job you wake up equipped with a heavy-grade exoskeleton, in a destroyed section of the complex. Share:           15 May Team Fortress 2 Update Released Team Fortress 2 - Valve An update to Team Fortress 2 has been released. The update will be applied automatically when you restart Team Fortress 2. The major changes include: Added the Rainy Day Cosmetic Case and Rainy Day Cosmetic Key New community cosmetics case with 19 items Added the Snack's Summery Ultiduo Siesta tournament medals Fixed the vote menu erroneously hiding itself when the main menu is opened Updated localization files Share:           15 May Daily Deal - Command Conquer Franchise, 75% Off Command & Conquer Franchise Advertising App - Valve Today's Deal: Save 75% on Command & Conquer Franchise!* Look for the deals each day on the front page of Steam. Or follow us on twitter or Facebook for instant notifications wherever you are! *Offer ends Wednesday at 10AM Pacific Time Share:           14 May Daily Deal - Crusader Kings II, 75% Off Crusader Kings II - Valve Today's Deal: Save 75% on Crusader Kings II!* Look for the deals each day on the front page of Steam. Or follow us on twitter or Facebook for instant notifications wherever you are! *Offer ends Tuesday at 10AM Pacific Time Share:           13 May Daily Deal - Alan Wake, 90% Off Alan Wake - Valve Today's Deal: Save 90% on Alan Wake!* Look for the deals each day on the front page of Steam. Or follow us on twitter or Facebook for instant notifications wherever you are! *Offer ends Monday at 10AM Pacific Time Share:           12 May Left 4 Dead 2 - Update Product Update - Valve An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2. - Fixed the Steam Controller sometimes failing to switch to the menu control set. Share:           12 May Daily Deal - Furi, 40% Off Furi - Valve Today's Deal: Save 40% on Furi!* Look for the deals each day on the front page of Steam. Or follow us on twitter or Facebook for instant notifications wherever you are! *Offer ends Sunday at 10AM Pacific Time Share:           11 May Dota 2 Update - May 11th 2017 Dota 2 - Valve Added a Battle Pass Achievement for participating in the Arcana Vote. Votes already cast will count towards this achievement. Share:           ... ... Channels All News Announcements Client Updates Press Releases Product Releases Product Updates Steam Blog Syndicated Eurogamer Kotaku Left 4 Dead Official Blog PC Gamer Portal 2 Official Blog Rock, Paper, Shotgun Shacknews Steam Community Announcements TF2 Official Blog Search news Archive 2017 May   Apr   Mar   Feb   Jan   Archives By Year 2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012   2011   2010   2009   2008   2007   2006   2005   2004   2003   2002   ABOUT STEAM What is Steam? Gifting on Steam The Steam Community ABOUT VALVE About Valve Business Solutions Steamworks Jobs HELP Support Forums Stats NEWS FEEDS   Steam News   Game Releases   Daily Deals © 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds View mobile website About Valve   |  Steamworks   |  Jobs   |  Steam Distribution   |  Gift Cards   |   Steam   |   @steam_games
